alright guys what's up my name is red
and I've got a monome warfare 3 video
this will be my first actually and it's
how to rank up fast in the game I think
that this video needs to be made just
because with the the influx of new
players that will be picking up the game
I really think that they're going to
want to know how to or even yourself
maybe we'll once it know how to rank up
fast and yeah so let's get right to it
first thing is the playlist that you're
going to want to be playing they have
two new modes Kill Confirmed and King
defender you can see them right there go
confirmed is great it's like team
deathmatch but you can't really camp
it's just it's it's really perfect just
because of the new game mechanics have
added when you kill someone they drop a
dog tag in order to score points towards
winning the game you have to go and pick
up that dog tag so it's really not a
game type to play if if you don't want
to actually be moving around and stuff
and you just I you it's so fast-paced
that you can get a lot of XP from it the
next one is team defender basically you
get double XP there's a flag and steam
that holds on to it gets double XP but
they don't only get double XP towards
the score of the game they get it for
themselves so instead of getting 50 50
points i think it's 50 points 50 points
of kill you wind up getting a hundred so
it's really ideal because while you're
winning you're still getting double XP
as well so it's a it's a lot of fun to
play and it's really awesome in the fact
that you get so much so much XP from it
the next one is headquarters in Search
and Destroy I'm going to group those two
together there's just the basic ones
that everyone plays to rank up search
engine sure is quick games and you only
get one life so better make it count but
you get 500 XP a kill because you only
get one life so if you if you can get a
lot of kills in certain showing that's
definitely for you the next one is
headquarters you you get it just a lot
of XP from holding on to the headquarter
thank you get 50 points say every five
seconds when you have it so and you get
a lot of kills you get a lot of kills on
quarters own but yes so that would be
all the playlist I mean I'm sure you can
get a lot of XP from all of them but
those are the ones that I've noticed as
being the XP bring your
so yeah the next ones or the next thing
that I would like to talk about other
custom classes the first gun that I'd
recommend is the type 95 it's basically
the all powerful gun if order ordering
overpowered pneus and it just it's
really good this perks that is fine for
it you can use really anything Assassins
also really good there's going to be a
lot of UAVs up in the release of the
word with the release of this game and
assassin it's kind of gonna have to be a
necessity just because I mean it's it
won't really be you know fair if you're
the only guy that's showing up on the
UAV either your entire team the next one
is the scar it's one of my personal
favorites this is the gun that I used
when I want to you know get really high
point streak and get some high
killstreaks you can see I have the
attack helicopter the Reaper in there
juggernaut in the bottom right of that
thing there seduced that's what that
songs are and i also have a sastre pro
so i can stay up the UAV in dead silence
or so i don't have to i be clunking
around the map when i do want to move
the next one is the ump this is great
for just running around for some reason
I've noticed that the UMP runs faster or
you run faster with the UMP than any
other submachine gun and two I don't
know compliment then I have extreme
conditioning on quick trial pro allows
you to just like sprint full out and
then abs really quick aim down sights
that is and dead silence just so I don't
you know again be clunking around the
map when I am running around next one is
the PP 90 I have a silencer and a red
dot I it there's nothing against the
sites for this gun I just like the right
now for this is basically my search and
destroy kit when I when I want to go and
get a bunch of kills insertions or sure
I just put this on and you can just run
around the map if they do happen to get
a UAV you're perfectly fine and hidden
it's basically like a stealth class that
you're really mobile with and the pp 90
is just an amazing gun by the way same
with the UMP next is the ACR this is
much like the type 95 it's now first
fire but it's just a ridiculously good
gun really good and really accurate as
well it doesn't have the fastest fire
rate but i definitely recommend this in
the time 95 if you just want to go
around and kill a whole bunch of stuff
and i think i have the same perks setup
yeah I do
the last one is the my points Creek take
er down our class I guess could you call
it I got the Stinger on and believe me
bee stinger it gets you so much points I
think if you take down a an attack
helicopter with this thing you get 500
XP which is the equivalent of five kills
so yeah it's really good if you want to
rank up fast use the Stinger as your
secondary any time they get a UAV just
pull it out shoot it down I'm using them
for it it's not the best gun but I seem
to have become attached to it i really
like it and the answer is a good gun i
have blind eye on you need blind eye for
your shooting down or thing just because
you don't want to have to you know walk
out of the building to try and take down
this you know attack helicopter and then
just got get shot by it and i have hard
line on just because that i don't really
want to be using this class or too long
so any kill streaks that I do get I want
to get as quickly as possible and then
hopefully I'll just go from there and
staying just I don't know maybe then for
is bad to fire and I just unconsciously
did that but yeah that's it for the the
classes and the matches or the playlist
i should say but the next part of
ranking out is challenges these
challenges net you a lot of XP you can
get 300 kills if you're in for and you
get 10,000 XP what else is it um yeah
you get a lot of XP for doing these
things the scar you get 10,000 Fintan
300 and 500 type 95 same thing 10,000
same thing 10,000 yes so just always
very up your weapons don't use the same
weapon for an entire prestige and stuff
like that switch it up all the time and
you'll wind up getting yourself a lot of
points especially if you can kill a lot
of things anyway thanks for watching
guys I hope you learned something how to
rank up fast and yeah I hope you're
enjoying modern warfare 3 as much as I
am thanks for watching it